

************************************************************************
**                                                                    **
**                                                                    **
**      IMPORTANT - READ THIS BEFORE COPYING, INSTALLING OR USING     **  
**                                                                    **
**                      SYSTEM CONFIGURATION DATA                     **
**                                                                    **
************************************************************************

Do not use or load the INTEL SYSTEM CONFIGURATION DATA Software and 
SYSTEM CONFIGURATION DATA DATABASE FILE or associated materials
(collectively, the "Software") until you have carefully read and
accepted the following terms and conditions:

(c) Intel Corporation, 1995-2013.

These data files are distributed for the sole purpose of installation in
the BIOS or Operating System of computer systems which include a Genuine
Intel microprocessor sold or distributed to or by you. You are not
authorized to use this material for any other purpose.

In addition to the foregoing, if there is no more current release of the
SYSTEM CONFIGURATION DATA for the particular Intel product and if you are
an Original Equipment Manufacturer of Intel microprocessor based systems,
you may further distribute the .PDB files included with the Software to
your customers of your Intel microprocessor based systems, without any
changes or alterations, and provided that 1) the customer is required to
read and agree to these terms and conditions prior to installing the .PDB
files, and 2) the Software is represented clearly as SYSTEM CONFIGURATION
DATA, and no other label or characterization is substituted for the
phrase SYSTEM CONFIGURATION DATA.

By decompressing, copying, loading or using the Software, you agree to
the terms above. If you do not agree, do not decompress the included
files and do not install or use the Software.

The laws of California govern these terms.

